SOURCE: Yelp -- Cowell/Stevenson dining hall
URL: https://www.yelp.com/biz/cowell-stevenson-dining-hall-santa-cruz
---
	
Romeo S.
Tujunga, Los Angeles, CA
02636
Jan 19, 2025
1 photo
My sister loves it
Excellent variety
Super fresh
Salad bar on pint
Great hot food selections
Came here on taco day

Evelyn B.
Westside, NV, NV
043
Oct 28, 2025
1 photo
This dining hall is genuinely one of the most consistently mediocre dining halls on campus. I only go before or after the gym for convenience. The panini press sets it apart from other dining halls, yet remains unimpressive. My paninis are frequently toasted only on one side, resulting in a lackluster experience. They almost never have green apples and the bathrooms are located OUTSIDE the dining hall. This is severely inconvenient since I can't wash my hands before I eat my food. The soft serve machine is often broken and the handle will fall off at random times. On a lighter note, this dining hall is the only one open past 8 consistently. The ambiance is not lacking. The grand piano sophisticates the space but the bees bombarding the outdoor dining area can disturb my meal at times. and i lost my basketball and someone stole it :(

Cole W.
Downtown, Sacramento, CA
060
Feb 25, 2025
How the hell does this place have a 3.5/5 stars and it's being compared to actual restaurants what is going on am I in bizarro world the food is never good there is never enough space it's really not a place to EAT

Emily D.
Santa Cruz, CA
3217
Oct 6, 2021
Like the other dining halls the food is hit or miss. I would call this the third best in food in comparison to the others at UCSC.

For ambience and seating, inside can feel a bit cramped and messy but at least they have a nice patio with an ocean view. The only issue with the patio are the bees that often like to steal your food!

Armendariz J.
San Jose, CA
140
Mar 10, 2020
Amazing food! Terrific parking! Great staff! THE BEST EXPERIENCE!!!!

Overall, just an amazing place, I love this dining hall and recommend to anyone visiting Santa Cruz, I don't care if it is 3 hours out of your way, you have to try this dining hall. Its an experience, it is life-changing, please make the trip, you will NOT regret it.

If you don't believe me, email dajpeter@ucsc.edu for more details!

Kelvin C.
San Francisco, CA
010
Oct 5, 2023
Lisa, the manager, is the goat ; super friendly and knowledgeable. She helped me and answered all questions I had about nutrition and ingredients.

Isaac W.
San Diego, CA
1290
Apr 3, 2023
I go to this school and personally i would have to rate every single dining hall on campus a 1/5 they are not very good and I don't believe any non student should ever go.

Katie K.
San Francisco, CA
4222
Apr 16, 2020
The Cowell dining hall. What can I say. The oven roasted allergen free chicken? To die for. Natural bridges tofu scramble? Rocked my world. The plethora of fresh fruit on the side? Always a great start to my morning. White berry cookies? I would kill a man for one morsel of this cookie. The great service, the great food, and the great times make this a santa cruz must-see.

Adrien B.
Santa Cruz, CA
010
Mar 6, 2023
worst food in my life. 1/10. hair in the food. grey chicken. bugs in the salad bar. lines were 20-30 mins long for nothing. seating is horrible. management sucks. worst place should be closed for multiple reasons.

Stephanie S.
Los Angeles, CA
30939211
Jun 3, 2009
First to Review
the newly renovated cowell dining hall has opened!! it was closed last spring for "seismic updates" and got a wonderful makeover in the process. and let me say, upon inital review, it is GOOD. granted, i went for college night which is not quite the same as their daily menu, but i still stand by cowell as the best dining hall on campus. i know i know, it's still a dining hall so how good can that be? this is probably the best possible situation, all things considered. and even then, it's not really all that bad.

when i ate there freshman and sophmore year, i would wait a good 20 minutes for the make-your-own omlet station, and it was worth it. they also have the freshest veggies in the salad bar on campus because the produce goes to cowell before the other dining halls. lunch is probably the best time to go, but all day and you will find plenty of good healthy things.

	
Kevin D.
San Jose, CA
010
Mar 10, 2020
I come here EVERY DAY that's how much I like it. The dining hall workers are really great. Sharky 10/10 guy. Calvin is cool too.

Tony T.
Daly City, CA
3164411
May 2, 2012
I love this dining hall. They usually have the best food. And yet, some of the worst hours and location is far from where I am on campus. But with a meal plan, it's worth it rather than paying. Food quality is same as other dining halls, but tastes better and more varieties than other dining halls.

Tom H.
Tracy, CA
040
Nov 28, 2018
Food is sometimes amazing food is sometimes awful. All in all, I don't like playing Russian Roulette with my food.

Mike R.
San Francisco, CA
9520932
Sep 15, 2011
So much better than Porter! The meatloaf was moist and delicious! Still, I miss real food...

Brian T.
Orange, CA
79101
Sep 29, 2011
This place is probably the most convient place for me to go eat. Why? It's the closest dining hall to my dorm. Of the five dining halls on UCSC, Oakes/8 and Porter/Kresge is too far, I don't want to go up cardiac hill to go to Merrill/Crown and I'm too much of a lazy bum to go to 9/10 even though the food is slightly better. So where else but Cowell/Stevenson.

Whenever my friends and I waddle on over here, we always brace ourselves because the quality of the food tends to vary and the lines can be so long at times. On somedays there would be delicious food that would leave us satisfied and other days there would be nothing good to eat so we starve for the night and then decide to go to late-night at 9/10. But when good food does come, we often eat juicy chicken breasts, and tender pork ribs and with a good selection of produce and vegetables from the salad bars, we can survive if there's nothing good for the main dishes. One of the positives about all the dining hall is that they accommodate for vegans and people who cannot eat gluten with their vegan and gluten free selections. Which is great for people like me who may want to try to go vegetarian, although my goal to be vegetarian for a week was crushed by the third day when ribs were laid out in front of me. WHY MUST YOU MESS WITH ME SO!!!

Due to Crown/Merrill DH being closed on the weekends, we often get a huge influx of hungry people from Crown and Merrill colleges, sometimes extending the line so far that at one point during the school year I was forced to wait outside in the rain. This school year is especially bad. With an excessive amount of freshmen admitted to Stevenson College, not only have the lines become ridiculously long during times when there would usually never be any lines, but food has often run out, forcing the dining staff to keep cooking up more food as freshmen continue to take too much food they can handle and waste them. Gotta wait until they get used to college life... =___=

Although I have a lot of complaints about the dining halls, the meal plan here at UCSC is awesome compared to other schools that I have eaten at. Some colleges will charge you for the amount of food you take and in one case have counted each individual french fry I took and charged me for the amount. Not here at UCSC. It's all-you-can-eat! Depending on your meal plan, you can come here everyday for and unlimited amount of times or spend a meal ticket for all-you-can-eat food! Often times, my friends and I would simply come in and out to bring food back to the dorms so we have an off-hour stash. Although I would gladly take home-cooked food any day, I can survive off the food here. Although I'm not sure I can make it with all these new freshmen here taking all the food...

Dylan C.
San Francisco, CA
010
May 14, 2019
One bottle of tapatio for 100s of people. It gets ugly. And Im not just talking about the food.

Austin C.
San Francisco, CA
8370
Jan 26, 2013
Disappointed with the dh. Ive heard from friends it was one of the better dining halls but I've only had a couple good meals. Also some of the workers/cashiers there could work on their attitude, it seems like some of them hate their job. The waffle bar they have in the mornings (and sometimes bring out at night) is the only thing that makes me want to come back every so often.