SOURCE: Yelp -- Porter/Kresge dining hall
URL: https://www.yelp.com/biz/porter-kresge-dining-hall-santa-cruz
---
	
Lorie A.
West Hollywood, CA
54190
Sep 7, 2023
the porter / kresge dining hall serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner. though it is closed on the weekends, on weekdays it is open from 7am - 7pm! here are the hours : Monday-Friday

Breakfast: 7-11AM
Continuous Dining: 11-11:30AM (limited entree options)*
Lunch: 11:30AM-2PM
Continuous Dining: 2-5PM (limited entree options)*
Dinner: 5-7PM
*May include grill items, pizza or salad bar. Beverages and desserts are also available.

Devin L.
Los Angeles, CA
065
Jun 2, 2024
Yea bro nice food so tasty allergen free chicken grass bred milk and fed bacon but it's all you can eat so nice

Asian people

Natalie C.
Hayward, CA
010
Nov 13, 2024
The porter hall, hm where do I start. It gives me really bad vibes. From the disgusting unholy smell to the monstrosity that is the food served all I can say is yikes. I feel intense dread every time I walk through those dining hall doors. The only good thing the ice and the people. But the food and smell are appalling. It looks insane and run down. The patio is pretty nice and shielded from the stench and it just looks not run down compared to the rest of the dining hall. Looks and smells like a high school cafeteria, the food is not okay, not understandable how they get it that bad. They have good fruit for breakfast. Josh is nice and compliments peoples outfits even when they are not great. Overall don't go and if u do bring a nose plug and your own meals. It also closes an hour earlier.

Nova 2.
San Francisco, CA
031
Oct 7, 2024
Horrible quality, always closed, literally closed on weekends (for no reason), horrible prices, the porter market is just as bad, don't buy a meal plan, get the cheapest on possible, it's not worth it.

Emily D.
Santa Cruz, CA
3217
Oct 6, 2021
For the food itself I would say this dining hall has the worst when compared to others. Although it is moderately fresh the food is pretty bland and there are not many good things to say about it.

In regards to the appearance I would say this is the most visually appealing as there is a stage, a piano and some interesting posters of important figures or musicians on the ceiling. Although it can be quite loud to hear when busy I thought this dining hall had a better ambience because of how it was set up and appeared.

N G.
Atlanta, GA
020
Jul 4, 2023
The food is pretty good for a dining hall. The hall it's reminds me of a high school cafeteria though. The servers are nice.

Alex G.
Santa Cruz, CA
3952
Oct 10, 2016
1 photo
// Overall: GOOD (for university) //

Rating 4 when compared to other UCSC dining. Had it been an actual local restaurant, it would be 3. However, it is all you can eat!!

I've been here quite a few times, so let me run those who have never been to UCSC down: this diner is one of many dining halls at UCSC, and although they are all mostly the same quality wise, Porter is one I have been to that stands out, along with Carson.

In terms of cleanliness, Porter is in the top. The organization is solid and the dining area itself is quite large.

The food is delicious, especially compared to College 9 and 10, but it pales in comparison to Carson at times. For example, the salad bar at Porter is microscopic compared to Carson's. The pizza could be better, but the drink options are a little better.

The big downside is that it is closed during weekends and only open until 7 PM on weekdays. There are couches up on top and some nice bathrooms, though, for convenience!

They do have strawberry lemonade, generally-- one of my favorites!!

All in all, it's very recommended whether you're visiting or just a student!

Alfredo pasta-- delicious.

Eric C.
San Leandro, CA
971103
Feb 17, 2017
1 photo
Had egg noodles today; I'm pretty sure it was undercooked. One of the noodles were hard and had the color similar to how it would typically look like in the box. My stomach is feeling funny now. Would only eat here if desperate or if I wanted to fill up my water bottle.

Yikes

Kenneth Y.
San Francisco, CA
146237356
Jan 20, 2011
University of Santa Cruz dining sucks... Terrible food, but occasionally maybe a day or two it is good to my taste buds.

First off, the food here is disgusting because...

1. They make a whole bunch of food at once and keep them in an incubator. You wonder why is this bad? While it's in the incubator keeping warm, it's also getting cook even more making the meats, vegetables etc more soggy or over cooked = dry!

2. The plates are always wet and not dry, feels pretty disgusting! Who wants a wet plate?

3. I've seen people use their hands and grab some of the meats from the deli bar, thus causing contamination and more germs.

4. Always the same foods, I.E. [French fries, hot dogs, burgers, pizza]

Overall they need to step it up a notch, seems like people are wasting food more than consuming it.

Beware: closes at 7PM, avoid meatless Mondays if you are not vegetarian.

Only thing decent is there fresh fruits, oranges, bananas, pears.

Paige C.
Valencia, CA
070
Feb 6, 2020
After avoiding the porter dining hall for years, I finally decided to give it another shot before graduation. Not only have the food options here changed dramatically, but so has the atmosphere. While swiping in, I was immediately greeted by two of the kindest people, I believe they went by Noodle and Rosa. They refamiliarized me with the space and made me feel comfortable/happy in what used to be a sad place. Porter dining hall also has significantly more vegan options since my last visit and I'll definitely be coming back in the future.

	
Mike R.
San Francisco, CA
9520932
Nov 5, 2010
First to Review
First off, KB is a closed minded idiot who thinks vegans should rule the world. My review is from a centrist point of view.

The University shouldn't force students that live on campus to take a meal plan when the dining hall alone is not adequate. Today I had another crappy experience which led me to finally write my review.

Today they closed during lunch so I skipped lunch. For dinner they had some event going on that only transfer students could get into (which I am) but it only served hors d'oeuvres for dinner. It seems like whenever I want to eat this place is closed or just failing in general. I've had cereal with no milk, limited healthy choices for picky eaters. No fun....

It closes at 7pm during the week and is not open on the weekends. Pretty lame if you have a 7-day meal plan. Don't take the unlimited meal plans because you can't use them every time you want food - only when they are serving, which is limited.

Then the quality is below par. I feel the only consistent food there is pizza, which is ok. The cereal selection is very weak. 4 choices of cereal usually amounts to lucky charms, fruit loops, cocoa puffs or raisin bran.... I am so sick of raisin bran by now. It seems like most kids like the sugary cereals but I need something a little more nutritious then that. And when the options are curry and soup it really limits those who aren't into the whole middle eastern or other ethnic cuisine for EVERY meal. (See Kennith's review point #4 - totally agree)

They have this thing called "Meatless Monday" for the vegans, I guess. But fail to cater to the majority of the meat eaters, or people just like some regular food without a ton of extra seasoning, strange vegetables, etc... Sigh... Not that I'm closed minded like some might think (like KB the most closed-minded vegan on Yelp), but it really is not efficient for the MAJORITY to offer such a niche menu. I don't NEED dead animal every meal, but some edible protein would be nice. What KB fails to understand is that some people are forced a choice of Indian curry or Lucky Charms for dinner. There are ALWAYS vegan options but not always for "normal people". Some people consider vegetarianism an eating disorder... Why not worry about nourishing the students rather than catering to a niche group and forcing the majority to eat less, or eat unhealthy, or both? I've never seen a shortage of Lucky Charms or Coco Puffs EVER!!! I suggest ditch the sugar cereal and serve up some quality food. I'm not even talking about meat every meal (KB), I'm talking about some normal food: rice, beans, noodles, mixed veggies. Why does it have to be tofu and curry or Lucky Charms? I can't eat that!!!

Unless you are either vegan or don't eat after 7pm, you will be pissed of at this place routinely. Almost everyone I spoke with feels the same, except KB.

There are plenty of other dining halls which all suffer from similar deficiencies but Porter is by far the worst of them. Sad because I heard it used to be the best place to eat on campus. Clearly that is not the case anymore.

Nothing against the workers or customer service aspect. Just the food quality is horrid. And the management seems a bit out of touch with demand in some respects, but amazingly in touch in others... They do respond well to the suggestions about individual offerings. But making a major change is out of the question. Especially now with the budget cuts.

At least once a week I had cereal for dinner instead of pizza, burger, curry or salad bar. Just want some normal variety (rice, beans, pasta, bread, fruit, milk, eggs, etc...). ONLY the vegans get thought put into their meals and it appears like some of them take it for granted...

Zach J.
Long Beach, CA
164
Jan 8, 2019
Campus cafeterias suck, but Porter-Kresge takes the cake (no pun intended) as possibly the most inconsistent. I lived at Porter last year as a transfer student and I dread every morning I would drag myself to eat some pitifully bland breakfast. You're best bet is to mix the beans, potatoes, and eggs into some type of soupy, breakfast medley. As for lunch I would just use the ingredients they had out to make sandwiches. Never eat the meat here. It's usually undercooked or just tastes so off you question whether it is actually chicken or something akin to that pink slime meat they used to use in fast food nuggets (allegedly ). As for dinner, skip this dining hall and go to RC or College Nine dining hall, they still suck too but at least you can get watered down pasta there and that's hard to mess up. But honestly, if you're eating here, you probably live here and don't have much choice. So I'm not even sure why I'm taking the time out of my day to write this stupid review. After a year of campus dining halls you'll be pining for anything that was made with more care. Good luck

Jordan T.
Danville, CA
132
Apr 12, 2018
This review is only for Wednesday's (not every Wednesday but sometimes) during lunch time because that's when my boy Chef Osmen makes the chef's special Carne Asada Fries. If you want your day to go from bluh to yuhhhh then go on Wednesdays. Osmen always says, "COME AND GET IT MA FRANDDSSS" and after that nothing else matters.

Tony T.
Daly City, CA
3164411
Dec 29, 2013
One of my personal favorites because of their setting and their selections. Also doubles as a theatre which I have performed at and enjoyed the venue. The people are nice and the food is good.

A H.
Santa Cruz, CA
020
Apr 8, 2013
So, writing a yelp review for a campus dining hall based on the quality of food is utterly ridiculous. That said, the only other way to gauge such a dining establishment is by the 'service' and atmosphere. Porter gets 5 stars because among it's dining hall peers it has by far the cutest employees. Like that green shirt girl, whats her deal anyways? dayum