SOURCE: Yelp -- College Nine & Ten dining hall
URL: https://www.yelp.com/biz/college-nine-and-ten-dining-hall-santa-cruz
---
	
Kayson T.
Elite 26
Temple City, CA
1582209
Oct 29, 2025
2 photos
Food here is alright! In all my 4 years here they are just... alright. Stevenson/cowell tends to have more and better food options, Merrill/Crown has a homey vibe, and porter/kresge/rcc/oakes is newly constructed and prettier! I wouldn't go here if I wasn't geographically limited. Seating is plenty but quite uninteresting. Service is the same anywhere! I HIGHLY recommend the bistro though! Their food is good considering it's in santa cruz!

interior

food

Emily D.
Santa Cruz, CA
3217
Oct 4, 2021
The food isn't the greatest but it is still the best of the other UCSC dining halls.

I like the more modern building but the long lines can be annoying. One perk of this dining hall is that it is open late nights in case you are craving a snack or get out of class late.

Travis I.
Culver City, CA
12545042481
Sep 28, 2013
When I transferred to the Cruz, I lived off-campus and was a student of Crown College. However, I ended up the the 9/10 Dining Hall for Sunday Brunch about once a month. Why?

Two reasons: Unlimited bacon and tater tots.

This was one of the better Dining Halls on campus, when I attended UCSC (2005-2007). Rotating menu.... Number of options.... Good soup. But seriously, it was all about the brunch that they served on Saturdays and Sundays.

RANDOM TIP FOR STUDENTS: You can spend flex account dollars on beer at Joe's Pizza. So, load up those flew dollars by telling mom you need to buy the new edition of some textbook and drink yourself stupid.

Cheers. Much slug love.

Sam K.
San Francisco, CA
3394802370
May 24, 2012
I've thoroughly enjoyed dining at this particular dining commons for the past four years.

Everything you need to know about this location is here:

http://housing.ucsc.edu/dining/nine-ten.html

Tip: Open everyday from 7:15 AM - 11:00 PM.

If you're looking for menus: http://housing.ucsc.edu/dining/menus/index.html

At times food can be not-so-fresh, which is expected from majority of the dining halls here unfortunately, but overall you can't complain about all you can eat with limited selection.

Sandwich bar is one of my favorite things here as well and so is the salad bar.

Mike R.
San Francisco, CA
9520932
Nov 5, 2010
First to Review
A bonus star for the late night dining option. This place is open until 11PM everyday, even weekends!

But just like all the other dining halls they sometimes close around lunch time (2PM) for staff meetings. In which case one must walk to another dining hall to get fed.

Max L.
Santa Cruz, CA
2111
Feb 24, 2017
The dining hall with the most space but definitely not the best food. Because the dining hall fits more people and more people come to it then any other dh the lines are sometimes incredibly long and the food quality plummets. Often foods aren't available because they run out. I recommend the dh at Rachel Carson College.

Hanna N.
Los Angeles, CA
27210610
Jan 22, 2018
College 9 & 10 Dining Hall is the BEST dining hall at UCSC !! this is what every dining hall should be modeled after... I gave it 4 bc it is still a college dining hall and the could use the "Whole Foods" section more than just breakfast smoothies ! but still-awesome place to eat.

Ali D.
Santa Clara, CA
8186
Mar 8, 2013
If you are a slug club member, dining halls are literally the best dining option on campus considering both the food quality and price paid. For lunch, you'll have unlimited dining at the salad bar (which is my favorite), pizza bar (2 or 3 types of pizza every day), burgers buffet (cheeseburger, hamburger, frankfurter, sometimes chicken burgers, roast beef, onion rings and fries, etc), world tour buffet (often Mexican and sometimes Italian food), variety of deserts (honestly not that good in my taste) and much more for $7.50 which makes really sense. On weekends, they also serve brunch with additional options including pancakes, Belgian waffles (which you bake fresh yourself), scrambled eggs and omelets, etc. The food quality is OK, though as mentioned earlier, you can hardly find anything better around that could beat the price.

Sammy S.
Santa Cruz, CA
010
Feb 16, 2018
They had pasta today but no alfredo sauce. That was a bummer. Portioning could've been a bit better. Waffle iron was still out during lunch, that's a plus! Taquitos had a generous amount of guac. Yes!! Would be better if they had self-serve guac. Salad bar and deli were looking fresh as usual. Clam chowder was a sell out! The pot was empty when I went.

