SOURCE: Yelp -- Crown/Merrill dining hall
URL: http://yelp.com/biz/crown-merrill-dining-santa-cruz
---
	
Kayson T.
Elite 26
Temple City, CA
1582209
Nov 8, 2025
1 photo
Wow... as a diehard Merrill affiliate and fan, I am honestly quite disappointed this year as I'm writing this review!! The food has been so below average, salad bar smaller, and just overall fewer options to choose from compared to every other dining hall. This used to be my favorite spot, but now it's just kinda ugly inside and the food is super mid. Service is great though! They're students who need a job/money so nothing they can do is really wrong! Right now, I don't recommend this dining hall.

Emily D.
Santa Cruz, CA
3217
Oct 6, 2021
Like all of the other UCSC dining halls the food is hit or miss. Most of the food is your average dining hall food, nothing special. I would say it's the second best in terms of the dining halls but the ambience isn't great.

The building feels more cramped and like there is less seating. The wait can also be long depending on the time you go (just like the other dining halls).

Noah M.
Arcata, CA
020
Sep 20, 2023
Many people like to hate on this dining hall for being up a hill and for being too small, but that is exactly what makes it so charming. It is usually full of only Crown/Merrill students which means the lines are never that bad and the overall atmosphere of the dining hall is far and above other dining halls on campus.

Cindy L.
Elite 26
Oakland, CA
88789553
Mar 1, 2013
First to Review
Hours: The hours are normal~ 7:15am-8pm MWF. They're closed on the weekends--which is a negative.

Breakfast: Same old, same old. There's nothing special about the breakfasts at any dining hall honestly. You'll most likely find: vegan tofu scramble, scrambled eggs, a potato item of some kind (hash browns, tater tots, etc.), oatmeal, waffle area, and either one of these: waffles, french toast, or pancakes.

They do have omelets everyday they're open, however, I personally think the omelets here are the grossest. I sometimes find shells in the omelets, or depending on who's making them, they make the omelets inside out (where the toppings are outside the omelets---it's just weird)

Lunch: Hit or miss depending on the day and menu, but that's normal for any of the dining halls here. I think they have good variety. You can always count on them having a really good salad/fruit bar and plenty of sandwich stuff.

Dinner: Once again it's hit or miss. Dinner comes out at 5pm and from 4:50ish-5:20ish I can promise you there will be a line.

Tuyen H.
San Jose, CA
2603551992
Mar 1, 2016
One of the most decent dining halls on campus. Located on at the top so be prepared for lots of stairs to climb. Their menu changes daily but it doesn't disappoint. They have a sandwich, salad, and fruit bar too.